[TreeView] Clean the expansion and selection API methods (#16795)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/rich-tree-view/editing/editing.md

### Change the label of an item

> Use the `updateItemLabel()` API method to change the expansion of an item.

Reviewer: All I can say is: 🙈 
```suggestion
Use the `updateItemLabel()` API method to imperatively update the label of an item.
```

Author: :laughing: I did half of the work
